{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone Richard Hayes Crowley\
02/06/2021\
CSC_157_Lab_03 Q&A\uc0\u8232 \
(1)\'a0What is meant by variable declaration and initialization?\
\uc0\u8232 At a low level, variable declaration and initialization refers to the process when a place in memory is given an address and allocated data. At a higher level, it refers to the process of assigning data (strings, ints, floats, dicts, lists, functions, classes, etc) to a meaningful group of characters or words (typically written in snake_case or camelCase). \u8232 \
(2)\'a0Explain how selection control is used in your program code for this application.\
\
Selection control is used via the `if` and `elif` blocks in my code to determine whether or not the calculated BMI is overweight, underweight, or normal. I didn\'92t need an `else` statement since I defaulted my `msg.weight` property to \'93normal\'94.\uc0\u8232 \
(3)\'a0This program application made use of an\'a0if\'a0-\'a0elif\'a0-\'a0else\'a0statement\'a0block. Could you also have coded this application with just a sequence of one - way\'a0if\'a0statements? Explain your answer.\uc0\u8232 \u8232 Yes, I could actually have removed my `elif` statement and just had two `if` statements and the end user would not have noticed any difference. However, having the if-elif-else pattern is more semantic and probably a little more efficient, since the interpreter doesn\'92t need to re-assign the variable if the conditional statement is not met. \u8232 \
(4)\'a0Which kinds of datatypes were used for the variables in your application?\
\
Dict, floats, strings. \
\uc0\u8232 \
(5)\'a0What have you learned from performing and coding for this lab assignment?\
\
Was able to refresh my knowledge about accessing properties in Dicts (I come from JavaScript land where we use dot notation to access properties AND methods, so was a bit confused why I couldn\'92t access my dict values using dot notation). Also learned about the BMI formula, that 703 multiplier is oddly specific. }